hi I'm captain Greg matter of
fishing frenzy and I want to
demonstrate some of our safety
gear that i'll show you how to
put a survival suit on you want
to make sure you can do it in
under 60 seconds village know
you got your watch on la alright
we do a little drill here okay
your 60-second world 60 seconds
of you who read that
so what you want to do basically
you've been given the order
you're going to abandon ship
you're gonna get in your life
raft you need your survival suit
off so what you gonna do take a
survival suit laid out layout
rolled out there's two different
ways to do it you can either lay
down on the ground or stand up I
like laying down the ground
because half the time you'll be
a fishing boat plastic bag
great see this you can leave
your shoes on or your boots on
when you get in a suit that
makes the whole lot easier to
slide in this picture later or
extra layer of protection suit
up
lay down
I like pulling straps now it's
easier than when you get water
first thing to do their stand up
put your week or mint 1st
easier said than done make sure
you get that all the way
then you will get you good
and after that
you go with the strong
get that in there
zip
when you're ready to go
I don't know
you'd be good at we shape about
10 seconds
except for all the fucking world
through you have what's going
wrong
you know you got it
hopefully the next time you're
out of the water
you don't need to use that tip
thanks for watching